1\. What did you do this year that you’d never done before?

Went on a beach trip to South Padre Island. I'd always heard about it growing up in the context of spring break, so it was cool to visit it for the first time.

2\. Did you keep your new year’s resolutions?

I don't think I made any New Year's resolutions to be honest. If I did, I forgot about them. I don't particularly believe in the arbitrary resetting of some perceived goals in alignment with the rotation of the Earth around the Sun.

3\. Did anyone close to you give birth?

No. Thank god.

4\. Did anyone close to you die?

No. Also thank god.

5\. What cities/states/countries did you visit?

Largely places within Texas. Still don't have money for travel.

6\. What would you like to have next year that you lacked this year?

Money. Progress in my career. Masculine features.

7\. What date(s) from this year will remain etched upon your memory, and why?

I can't say I remember the specific date, but the day I quit my shitty retail job was a highlight of my year.

8\. What was your biggest achievement of the year?

Starting grad school in the first cohort for the program. Completing my first year of grad school. Little me would have honestly never believed I could have done something this ambitious.

9\. What was your biggest failure?

In the most literal sense of the term, probably injuring my ACL while ego lifting. Learned my lesson. Otherwise, giving time to people that did not deserve it.

10\. What other hardships did you face?

Working in retail full time while going to grad school. Being close to homelessness when my lease ended. Losing out on a job offer because of classism.

11\. Did you suffer illness or injury?

Re: Question 9.

12\. What was the best thing you bought?

All of the protein I ate. What a wonderful thing it is to be able to afford food. I spent much time this year eating food from food pantries.

13\. Whose behavior merited celebration?

My friends Kim, Bree, and Emma, as well as my roommate Jo really inspire me. I think it's inspirational to be able to be kind to people and ask them questions about themselves. I'm still working on developing social skills in that kind of late stage undiagnosed autism way.

14\. Whose behavior made you appalled?

The results of the election completely took me by surprise. I am deeply disappointed by the current state of the male psyche in modern day America.

15\. Where did most of your money go?

Rent and cheap food.

16\. What did you get really, really, really excited about?

Car Seat Headrest, lifting, Garfield.

17\. What song will always remind you of this year?

Pink Pony Club by Chappell Roan. Jo took a wonderful video of us singing to it at a gay bar the night of Election day. It's important to celebrate joy in spite of all the atrocities we cannot stop.

18\. Compared to this time last year, are you: happier or sadder? Thinner or fatter? Richer or poorer?

Much happer, by a large degree. Thinner- from 263 lbs to 238.6 lbs. Poorer- grad school debt.

19\. What do you wish you’d done more of?

I wish I spent more time lifting and being with friends. It got to a point in my life where I felt so overwhelmed by what must get done that I started ignoring my own needs. Health and social connections are important.

20\. What do you wish you’d done less of?

Playing around on my phone. I made good progress towards unlearning some of my social media addiction struggles, but there is much room for improvement.

21\. How are you spending the holidays?

I had Friendsgiving with my friends Bree, Kim, Jo, Ash, and Nuha. I made Quest chip breaded chicken wings and they were delicious. Michael came home during Thanksgiving and visited me. I celebrated Christmas Eve with Bree, Kim, and Jo. We exchanged gifts and it was a gay old time. I went to a goth bar for the first time for NYE and had my first NYE kiss with Bree. This was the second year (also in a row) I haven't seen my family for the holidays, and I feel so happy to have avoided that whole mess.

22\. Did you fall in love this year?

No. Waste of time.

23\. Do you hate anyone now that you didn’t hate this time last year?

Nothing comes to mind immediately. Something pretty consistent about me is being a hater.

24\. What was your favorite show?

I don't think I watched any new shows particularly this year. I find most media pretty oriented towards the lowest common denominator. I showed Jo season 1 of Squid Game and he really liked it, so I suppose I'd say that was a fun rewatch.

25\. What was the best book you read?

I don't think I read any novels this year fully. I read a LOT of academic papers, much more than I ever have in my life. I really enjoyed learning about Buddhist ethics, as well as learning much more about Natural Language Processing. I specifically really enjoyed a couple of papers I read about debiasing word embeddings, it made me feel inspired to make work towards removing gender biases from natural language.

26\. What was your greatest musical discovery of the year?

It's gotta be Chappell Roan. She got me and Jo through the year. I think she's going to be a cherished pop star from this era for many decades to come.

27\. What was your favorite film?

My favorite film is Boyhood. I watched it in 2023, and I believe I watched it as a kid at dad's house too. It didn't really mean as much to me as a kid, honestly I remember thinking it was boring. I love the music in it, and it made me genuinely cry so much.

28\. What was your favorite meal?

Boyslop!!!!

29\. What did you want and get?

To go back to school and get a Master's degree in AI. Currently a work in progress, but at least I started. A happy living situation- I love my apartment and my roommate Jo. Peace in my life, I'm so glad to be prioritizing myself and my goals over drama.

30\. What did you want and not get?

Multiple jobs. This really cool health tech startup job. A Data Analyst job.

31\. What did you do on your birthday?

I worked on a project due that night for my Ethics class. My birthday weekend, I had a party. I believe Spark, David, Cristian, Michael, and some other people I might be forgetting came. I should take more pictures next time so I can remember it better. I made burgers and a playlist for the party that I liked. We played Jackbox and that is always a good time. I saw David smoke a cigarette for the first time and that was endearing. Michael was so grateful to hit Kim's vape in a way we still reference in my friend group to this day.

32\. What one thing would have made your year immeasurably more satisfying?

Having a tech job. I applied for over 400 jobs in 2024. It's challenging mentally to go through that process and never receive any kind of positive feedback.

33\. How would you describe your personal fashion this year?

Very emo. Same as most of my life since middle school. I like wearing black, it looks good on me.

34\. What kept you sane?

My roommate Jo. He helps balance me out, we're like yin and yang. I'm glad he helped me with areas of my life I tend to deprioritize, particularly in self-care and participating in joyful experiences, such as going out to bars and seeing friends.

35\. Which celebrity/public figure did you admire the most?

Will Toledo is my #1 pookie. I resonate deeply with his lyrics, and the music is wonderful. Sadly I have to avoid it when I'm trying to maintain mental stability.

36\. What political issue stirred you the most?

Women's rights in general. It's really insane we're devolving to police women's rights again as a society. I haven't had sex with any men since the election.

37\. Who did you miss?

I don't think I miss my parents as much as I miss the idea of having good parents.

38\. Who was the best new person you met?

I feel like I strengthened many existing relationships this year. That's a hard question to not contextualize within the last month or so. I can't remember his name immediately, but I thought this one guy I worked with at the grocery store was really inspiring. He was always so filled with joy and kind, and he made me happy every time we had a shift together.

39\. What valuable life lesson did you learn this year?

Decenter men.

40\. What is a quote that sums up your year?

Kurt Vonnegut tells his wife he's going out to buy an envelope: "Oh, she says well, you're not a poor man. You know, why don't you go online and buy a hundred envelopes and put them in the closet? And so I pretend not to hear her. And go out to get an envelope because I'm going to have a hell of a good time in the process of buying one envelope.

I meet a lot of people. And, see some great looking babes. And a fire engine goes by. And I give them the thumbs up. And, and ask a woman what kind of dog that is. And, and I don't know…

And, of course, the computers will do us out of that. And, what the computer people don't realize, or they don't care, is we're dancing animals. You know, we love to move around. And, we're not supposed to dance at all anymore."